Updated view-group-members.md to use Get-DynamicDistributionGroupMember (#2723)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/recipients-in-exchange-online/manage-dynamic-distribution-groups/view-group-members.md

## Use Exchange Online PowerShell to preview the list of members of a dynamic distribution group
<a name="Shell"> </a>

This example returns the list of members for the dynamic distribution group named Full Time Employees.

```PowerShell
Get-DynamicDistributionGroupMember -Identity "Full Time Employees"
```

> This example displays the list of users and email addresses for the same group if it has more than 1000 mailboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays the list of users and email addresses for the same group if it has more than 1,000 mailboxes.
```
